feat(sources/spanner): rename execute_sql_dql to execute_sql_readonly (#3776)
googleapis/genai-toolbox: docs/SPANNER_README.md

| Tool Name         | Description                                                      |
|:------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `execute_sql`     | Use this tool to execute DML SQL.                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `execute_sql`     | Execute read-write SQL statements that modify the database (DML), such as INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, or table alterations. Do not use this tool for standard data queries or SELECT statements.                                |
```

> | `execute_sql_readonly` | Use this for information_schema table queries as well as any other read only queries. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `execute_sql_readonly` | Execute read-only SQL queries (DQL) such as SELECT statements, metadata inspections, or information_schema queries. Use this tool as the default for any data retrieval tasks. |
```
